Inclusion of title (3 points)Inclusion of each section (12 points)Proper usage of the english language and well written (5 points)Solid description and presentation of the following sections (10 points):User Interface (2 points)Data Model (2 points)URL Routes/Mappings (2 points)Authentication/Authorization (2 points)Team Choice (2 points)Title: O-Big OSubtitle: HiveListSemester: Fall 2018Overview: HiveList is a collaborative playlist builder. The application allows several users to collectively build a playlist by voting on which songs they believe should be added. The users can also change the playlist’s settings. Finally, the website also implements features which allow users to explore popular songs/playlists, keep track of recently played playlist, and the ability to change one's profile information. Our application is unique mostly because of the voting feature. Now you can build playlists with songs that people agree on, instead of having a single person spamming the playlist with songs no one wants to hear.Team Members: Caleb Carr, Collin Giguere, Emily Earl, Jay Trask, Olivia Higgins, Omar Sanchez***User Interface: A final up-to-date list/table describing your application’s user interface. This should include the name of the UI view and its purpose. You should include a screenshot of each of your UI views.***Data Model: A final up-to-date diagram of your data model including a brief description of each of the entities in your model and their relationships.***URL Routes/Mappings: A final up-to-date table of all the URL routes that your application supports and a short description of what those routes are used for. You should also indicate any authentication and permissions on those routes.***Authentication/Authorization: A final up-to-date description of how users are authenticated and any permissions for specific users (if any) that you used in your application. You should mention how they relate to which UI views are accessible.***Team Choice: You should briefly mention your team choice component for your application. You should highlight any additions to your application that are part of your team choice, such as, URL routes, UI views, data model, to make it clear what your team choice addition is.***Conclusion: A conclusion describing your team’s experience in working on this project. This should include what you learned through the design and implementation process, the difficulties you encountered, what your team would have liked to know before starting the project that would have helped you later, and any other technical hurdles that your team encountered.