# Overview:HiveList is a collaborative playlist builder. The application allows several users to collectively build a playlist by voting on which songs they believe should be added. The users can also change the playlist’s settings. Finally, the website also implements features which allow users to explore popular songs/playlists, keep track of recently played playlist, and the ability to change one's profile information. There were no major changes in the base idea from project proposal.# Team Members: Caleb Carr, Collin Giguere, Emily Earl, Jay Trask, Olivia Higgins, Omar Sanchez# Video Link:https://youtu.be/A-BIkNz0GO8# Design Overview:Our data model includes a playlist, contributors, song, song instance, artist, and genre. The playlists use the data given by the contributors and the songs that are generated by init.py. The songs contain an artist and genre which are displayed in conjunction with the song.Once logged in, the nav bar links to all pages except current playlist and general settings, which can be accessed through MyLists then clicking on the links to certain playlists. The HiveList logo is also functional and will take you back to the home page. The mapping is detailed in urls.py.The view.py file takes in the mock data generated and puts it together on each page. Every page on the website has been populated with mock data. Home has data for it Top 10 playlist and public playlists, Explore has data for popular playlist and songs, My Lists generates data for In progress Playlist and Finished Playlists, current playlist (it will be named after the playlist's name) includes every song in the playlist, general setting has data for the playlist's descriptions, and finally profile has data for user's song contribution.## Detailed info for each page-When you first navigate to HiveList **(/HiveList/)** you are greeted at the welcome page. This where you can log in or create an account (that functionality coming later). For right now, you can hit the "log in" or "make new account" button, then hit the button in the pop up to navigate to the home page. -At the home page **(/HiveList/home)** it features lists of existing playlists. These playlists are pulled from our mock database and shows songs, creation date, and descriptions. It also features a working nav bar that links to the rest of the pages.- Next page is Explore **(/HiveList/explore/)**. This shows the popular playlists and popular songs. For playlists, 10 playlists are selected and also their creation date is listed. For songs, it shows the songs that are in the top 10 popular playlists.-My List **(/HiveList/mylists/)** shows In Progress playlists and finished playlists. For the In Progress Playlists, it shows the playlist name, with a link that will take you to info on that playlist. It also has the creation date of that playlist and it's ranking. For finished playlists, it has the same thing.-If you clicked on a playlist, you would go to current playlist info **(/HiveList/currentPlaylist/)**. Here it shows the songs that are in that playlist, and the artist, and also buttons to vote whether you like the song or not. -You can also go to Playlist Settings for that playlist **(/HiveList/playlistSettings/)**. This shows the general settings and pulls the number of songs in that playlist from the database, as well as the description and creation date. There are other fields there, but they don't have functionality yet. -Lastly is profile **(/HiveList/profile/)**. This includes the user's contributions to playlists. Right now, it just pulls a random number of playlists as well as the owner's name of the playlist. When we implement users, then this will be consistent for each user, and different between users.# Problems/Successes:## Problems:When we began coding up the project, we ran into quite a few implementation problems. The main implementation problem was our original design of how the different data models would interact with each other. Our original design for how the different data models would interact with each other ended up being drastically different from our end design. This change was the result of many revision to our original idea, and painstakingly changing the code accordingly (shout out to Caleb here). It was difficult to coordinate the many different aspects of the website. However, what resulted was a well-designed UI. Another problem we had was overwriting people's work. We tried using branches, but we would almost always run into the problem where two people were working on the same thing on the same branch, then one person would push, and the other person would try to push right after and some of the first person's work would be unintentionally erased. GitHub wouldn't tell us there were conflicts, it would just erase. Some of it is communication error and some of it was not knowing GitHub that well. It worked in the end though. ## Successes:Our team was able to collaborate productively on project 2. We used trello, web-based project management application, to help organize and assign tasks. We also strived to meet most Sunday afternoons to collaborate in person. Finally, we divided tasks among depending on where our individual talents lie, which greatly helped the development of the website. Although we had to go through countless revisions, we were successful in populating our databases with mock data and linked URL routes in our navigation bar and throughout our website. Although there was a learning curve on using ORM tools, we were able functional website that uses [mock] data that has easy navigational access.## What we can improve:Moving forward, we discussed meeting earlier and more frequently to keep track of each member's progress. Especially as the website development becomes increasingly difficult, we work together more. To further develop and evolve our website, we need to work more on user authentication and authorization on our log in page. We would investigate further into how we could use Spotify's API to provide playlist data.We're going to look more into GitHub to avoid the problems listed above.