# Overview:HiveList is a collaborative playlist builder. The application allows several users to collectively build a playlist by voting on which songs they believe should be added. The users can also change the playlist’s settings. Finally, the website also implements features which allow users to explore popular songs/playlists, keep track of recently played playlist, and the ability to change one's profile information. There were no major changes in the idea from Submission 2.# Team Members: Caleb Carr, Collin Giguere, Emily Earl, Jay Trask, Olivia Higgins, Omar Sanchez# Video Link:https://youtu.be/pZd0NCgGDzc# Design Overview:## Log in/log out functionality:From the welcome page, you can choose either login or create new account. If you choose login, you can enter in some of the faker data into username and password. Clicking login will bring you into that user's personalized HiveList. Once inside HiveList, the user can also log out by clicking the Log out button on the top right, which will bring them back to the log in page. ## Interaction functionality:The user can make a new account by clicking the button on the welcome page. The user must enter a username, email, and password. Email is checked to see if it contains the @ symbol, and password checked to see if it larger than 8 character, unique enough, and the two passwords match. Once you are logged in, the change password function in profile works with the same checks.  # Problems/Successes:## Problems:We had trouble again with coordinating member's push and pulls. It resulted in [many] merge conflicts that took time to resolve. We found the best method was when we were working together in the same room. It was hard to delegate the work evenly and communicate given the break and relatively short time span for the project. We also had trouble with the log out feature as it would bring as to the log in page but did not actually log out the user. We were able to fix the bug, correctly implementing log out.## Successes:Despite our issues, our overall effort was successful. Working together both during class and out of class, we were able to create a page where a user could make a new account on HiveList. After creating the new account, the profile page will all be customized to the user's own data. It took much collaboration on people involved to see that through fruition. Again, we used trello to help organize our thoughts and steps, and to keep track of everyone contributions.## What your team can do to improve collaboration and implementation:We will be improving our collaboration skills by making sure to we communicate when we are pushing and pulling. This way, we could hopefully avoid future migration errors. We will also try spending more time working together as it allows all members to be aware of where the project is at. Finally, to improve the implementation, we need to make sure that the minor bugs throughout the website are flushed out before the final submission.## Team Choice:For the last submission, we are aiming to add functionality to the create playlist form and the voting feature on the playlists. We will also do a sweep of the minor bugs through the website, leaving our project as a functional and easily usable website.