I believe my greatest contribution were my amazing CS jokes... but listed below are the other things I added to our project 2 submission:- Although most of the project work was done as a team effort, there are a several aspects of the project that I specifically help implement. Along with some of the other team members, I helped implement models.py. I specifically focused on the models for genre model and artist. This includes the original implementation of these models in models.py and the updating of these models as our website evolved. I also create the data model diagram, which Emily Earl help revise to match the current website's data model, which I linked to the doc page in our project. Finally, I helped with the URL mappings  (which Caleb Carr led) by adding to the urlPatterns in urls.py in order to make sure each route matched with each corresponding view.- Next, I wrote the Project 2 submission. Here, I tried to step through our code, data model, and website in order to best demonstrate the website in the clearest way possible. I also help set up Trello as a way for the team to keep track of each aspect of the project, which made writing the success/ problems section easier as there was a visual depiction of the aspects of the project which we were stuck on.- Lastly, I helped create the submission video.  I downloaded and used OBS, which is a recording program, that allows me to both do a voice over and show my screen. I also made edits to the video script, so the video will contain the necessary information and be within the allotted time. Finally, I filmed the video submission, which may or may not be the final version depending on whether my video or my team's video (Omar) turned out better.